For assignment 4, I decided to add on to the website I built in assignment 3 (though a separate page). The goal is an informative Formula 1 website that includes details about F1 teams and current drivers, schedule of races for the 2024 season and whatever else I think of! In assignment 3, I created the F1 team and drivers page and in assignment 4, I created an interactive page that features race schedules and details. It uses Javascript for event handling (buttons) and instances of objects for storing information about Grand Prix. In the middle of the page is a dropdown menu to select a grand prix. To the right are two interactive buttons. Clicking on "Show race details" will display race location, date, and time. Clicking on "Show race track" will display an image of the race track with color coded sectors and DRS zones. The goal is to continue building out this site (with different pages) and adding more features throughout the term and hopefully have a somewhat polish website for the final project.

For the second part of assignment 4, I originally decided to use Bootstrap as my "JavaScript library." After implementing it, I realized it might not count as a JS library, more so an open source front-end development framework. So I decided to also implement React. Here I implemented a simple component that prints "Welcome to the F1 2024 Website!" on the screen, right below my dropdown menu and buttons. One feature of react that will be useful for my final project is connecting different pages of my website together using React Router. Ie, have a home page, team/drivers page, and F1 2024 Schdule page